MCQ'S
1.Which of the following HTTP Status code means NOT MODIFIED, used to reduce network bandwidth usage in case of conditional GET requests?
ans :  304

2.Which header should be configured to tell the server XML is preferred over JSON?
ans : Accept

3.Which of the following is not an HTTP method?
ans : CREATE

4. SoapUI can be used to do
ans : Only SOAP API testing


5. In SoapUI properties are available at which level?
ans : Project

6. What is the hierarchy in SoapUI Projects?
ans : Project > Test Suite > Test Case > Test Step 

7.Which of the below element is used to check response validation
ans :  Response assertion

8.Which of the below is error code?
ans : 404

9.Which of the below tests is executed for extended no of hours 
ans :  Load test

10.Which of the following element is used to perform correlation?
ans : Regular expression extractor

11.Performance testing falls under which category?
ans : Non functional testing

Test cases

1. Verify that the user is able to navigate or access the different controls by pressing the ‘Tab’ key on the keyboard.
ans : Verify that clicking on the browser back button after successful logout should not take the User to a logged-in mode

2.Check if the password is in masked form when typed in the password field.
ans : "    Verify that there is a limit on the total number of unsuccessful login attempts
 (No. of invalid attempts should be based on business logic. Based on the business logic, User will be asked to enter the captcha and try 
again or user will be blocked)"

3.Check if the password can be copy-pasted or not.
ans : Verify that the password is in encrypted form (masked format) when entered in the password field.

4.Verify that the user is able to login by entering valid credentials and clicking on the ‘Login’ button.
ans : Verify the password can be copy-pasted. System shouldn’t allow users to copy paste password.

5.Verify that the user is able to login by entering valid credentials and pressing Enter key.
ans : Verify that encrypted characters in the “Password” field should not allow deciphering if copied

6.Check that the user is not able to login with an invalid username and password.
ans : Verify that the “Remember password” checkbox is unselected by default (depends on business logic, it may be selected or unselected)

7.Verify that the validation message gets displayed in case the user leaves the username or password field as blank.
ans : Verify whether the login form is revealing any security information by viewing the page source

8.Check that the validation message is displayed in the case the user exceeds the character limit of the user name and password fields.
ans : Verify that the login page is vulnerable to SQL injection.

9.Verify that reset button functionality on the login page. Clicking on it should clear the textbox’s content.
ans : Verify whether the user is still logged in after a series of actions such as sign-in, close the browser, and reopen the application.

10.Verify if there is a checkbox with the label “remember password” on the login page.
ans : verify that if we click on remember password it will show  popup message like never and save checkbox 

11.Verify that closing the browser should not log-out an authenticated user. Launching the application should lead the user to login state only.
ans : verify that login state if user didnot logout from the browser.
 














